# Blogs at Medium
1. What is a Cloud Custodian?
https://ismsguy.medium.com/what-is-a-cloud-custodian-c33b37b6060?sk=abdf0ee30e5ea4fe2cd15a346005ac16

2. Propagating Tags from provider level down to all resources using Terraform Template
https://ismsguy.medium.com/propagating-tags-from-provider-level-down-to-all-resources-using-terraform-template-4075bfc6ba93?sk=fe4a095a54f596fabb7d0db45f00d2e4

3. Tried replacing the Cloud Custodian with Something else…
https://ismsguy.medium.com/tried-replacing-the-cloud-custodian-with-something-else-1ffcf9c76dc8?sk=4e3694d893f27d7c447d70e3379c2b0e

4. Treating the Mishmash of Missing Tag Resources in AWS using the Cloud Custodian (Part 1)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/treating-the-mishmash-of-missing-tag-resources-in-aws-using-the-cloud-custodian-part-1-63ca506f12f2?sk=7ef5a2582f6f782df667138dba0b19a0

5. Cryptographic Hashing in simple words
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cryptographic-hashing-in-simple-words-eb9a94bb9c65?sk=62969d3b2e689bb555358ffe1feeb2a2

6. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark (Part 1)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-aws-foundations-benchmark-part-1-43d711effa4b

7. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark (Part-2)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-aws-foundations-benchmark-part-2-6101148cebb7

8. A Watchman for Your Cloud that never sleeps, and it’s free!
https://ismsguy.medium.com/a-watchman-for-your-cloud-that-never-sleeps-and-its-free-676682c903df

9. Auto-Tag Cloud Custodian Policies for Azure
https://ismsguy.medium.com/auto-tag-cloud-custodian-policies-for-azure-405693bbace0

10. Identify the resources with missing tags using the Cloud Custodian for Azure
https://ismsguy.medium.com/missing-tag-cloud-custodian-policies-for-azure-f4f97c0ddbb1

11. Cloud Custodian Policies for SQL Database and SQL Server
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-sql-database-and-sql-server-3f01b0e4fa21

12. Cloud Custodian Policies for Azure WebApp
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-azure-webapp-57d38428fe1b

13. Count the Azure Resources using the Cloud Custodian
https://ismsguy.medium.com/count-the-azure-resources-using-the-cloud-custodian-a902e55bacb2

14. Identify Unencrypted AWS Resources using Cloud Custodian
https://ismsguy.medium.com/identify-unencrypted-aws-resources-using-cloud-custodian-b2345a188874

15. Identify AWS Resources Exposed to the World using Cloud Custodian
https://ismsguy.medium.com/identify-aws-resources-exposed-to-the-world-using-cloud-custodian-dc0fd486c73d

16. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark (Part-3)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-aws-foundations-benchmark-part-3-eeced31625da

17. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark (Part-4)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-aws-foundations-benchmark-part-4-c82327c637e3

18. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark (Part 1) 
https://ismsguy.medium.com/auto-remediation-for-missing-tags-in-aws-using-cloud-custodian-part-1-1d09fa39349d

19. Auto-remediation for missing tags in AWS using Cloud Custodian — Part 2 
https://ismsguy.medium.com/auto-remediation-for-missing-tags-in-aws-using-cloud-custodian-part-2-b3f901c378cb

20. Auto-remediation for missing tags in AWS using Cloud Custodian — Part 3 
https://ismsguy.medium.com/auto-remediation-for-missing-tags-in-aws-using-cloud-custodian-part-3-2f889af6c90f

21. Relationship between the Cloud Custodian Lambda Function and the Cloudwatch Event Rule 
https://ismsguy.medium.com/relationship-between-the-cloud-custodian-lambda-function-and-the-cloudwatch-event-rule-74543d2358ff

22. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS Microsoft Azure Foundations Benchmark (Part 1)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-microsoft-azure-foundations-benchmark-part-1-569afdc3ba0f

23. Cloud Custodian Policies for CIS Microsoft Azure Foundations Benchmark (Part 2)
https://ismsguy.medium.com/cloud-custodian-policies-for-cis-microsoft-azure-foundations-benchmark-part-2-eee293a4c113

# Other Sources
1. Tips From the Trenches: Cloud Custodian–Automating AWS Security, Cost and Compliance
https://www.code42.com/blog/tips-from-the-trenches-cloud-custodian-automating-aws-security-cost-and-compliance/

2. Tips From the Trenches: Using Slack to Enhance Security
https://www.code42.com/blog/tips-from-the-trenches-using-slack-to-enhance-security/
